
=head1 NAME

HTML::DOM::Element::Select - A Perl class for representing 'select' elements in an HTML DOM tree

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use HTML::DOM;
  $doc = HTML::DOM->new;
  $elem = $doc->createElement('select');

  $elem->focus();
  $elem->blur();
  
  # $elem->add(...)    # not yet
  # $elem->remove(...) # implemented

  $elem->options; # a list of 'option' elements

  $elem->name('foo') # set attribute
  $elem->type;       # get attribute
  $elem->tagName;
  # etc.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This class implements 'select' elements in an HTML::DOM tree. It 
implements the HTMLSelectElement DOM interface and inherits from 
L<HTML::DOM::Element> (q.v.).

=head1 METHODS

In addition to those inherited from HTML::DOM::Element and its 
superclasses, this class implements the following DOM methods:

=over 4

=item type

=item disabled

=item multiple

=item name

=item size

=item tabIndex

Each of these returns the corresponding HTML attribute. If you 
pass an
argument, it will become the new value of the attribute, and the old value
will be returned.

=item selectedIndex

Returns the index of the selected option. If there is an argument, it
selects the specified option and returns the index of the previous 
selection.

=item length

Returns the number of options.

=item form

Returns the form containing this input element.

=item options

Returns a list of 'option' elements in list context, or an 
L<HTML::DOM::Collection::Options>
object in scalar context.

=item value

Selects the option with the value given if there is an argument and returns 
the old value, or
simply returns the value if there is no argument.

=item blur

=item focus

These each trigger the corresponding event.

=back

In addition, the following methods are provided for compatibility with C<HTML::Form>:

=over 4

=item possible_values

This returns an empty list for most input elements, but for checkboxes it
returns C<(undef, $value)>.

=item readonly

An alias to readOnly.

=item form_name_value

Returns a list of two items: (0) the name of the field and (1) the value.

=item check

Same as C<< $elem->checked(1) >>.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<HTML::DOM>

L<HTML::DOM::Element>

L<HTML::DOM::Element::Form>
